Q;what if a bot registers a thousand accounts?
After they are banned the control points(a thousand control points)
of banned users disappear and have no effect.
The user initial score is 1
(single control point which can be assigned to anyone, 
but reduce own score by 1),thus low initial points +
low awarded points from other existing 
users make this less appealing.

Q;How will the users cope with lack of points?
Revoking points from users they feel 
less deserving of now and assigning to
users they feel are more deserving them now.
They can see their own allocation of control points
as list. 

Q;how the points would be displayed?
sorted by score from users
User A:
Total score:56 points
40 points from user D
6 points awarded for active site use(6 weeks use)
5 point from user B
4 initial points(unassigned)
1 point from user C
etc, could be a hundred pages of users

Q;Will this allow to construct social graphs of groups?
Yes, this is by design to allow everyone to see 
where the user X support comes from, and check 
the scores of his supporters(but not where they allocate
points).

Q:Will network of self-supporting bots/shills
each assigning points to everyone in the 
group dominate the site?
Such network would be easily detected as 
their posts (where the control points are spent)
show exactly who assigned their control point 
at which time to that post.
A totally transparent process which reveals
bots or shills in seconds.
example:
User A assigned 1 control point to User Bot at 17:43
User A revokes 1 control point from User Bot at 23:55
this information is in the control list 
which shows the users balance and another list 
for current assigned points.
User with negative scores(lots of revoked control
points will be easily detected and flagged to moderators).

Q;will this be a threat to privacy/security?
Users which reveal their personal information 
should not use the site
(the idea of enforcing using real names(i.e. google) is really idiotic )
or sign up using a nickname that cannot be 
traced to their real identity.
The user on-site reputation should not affect
their real-life reputation or the opposite.

Q;What prevents anyone from signing up many accounts,
waiting a year, assigning the points to other users 
and repeating this again, then leaving all accounts 
and coming back for repeat the account creation?
The gained points from single-point account
could be easily detected due system lowering score of 
users spending their points(score reflecting control
points amount)
Additionally, users can only gain points 
from active site use or other users.

Q;what defines "active site use"?
Participating in discussion,posting new content.
Those which do not post content are not awarded anything.
Passive site use is browsing and assigning
control points(a form of voting).

Q;will this lead to proliferation of spam and garbage posts?
No, the posts which don't gain points 
are not counted at all. The content must also gain
points to qualify for bonus +1 per week.

Q;what would prevent one from use 
extra accounts to upvote their posts?
They would need to create many accounts 
which would be spotted as zero control point accounts
(100's of accounts with 0 score voting on 1 post: 
User A(0 score) awarded this post +1 control points).

Q;what would prevent popular users from establishing a clique?
The admins and moderators. Its up to the 
owners of site to define the culture of the site.
In addition popular users would not be as 
influential as with unlimited karma-based sites,
due control point scarcity and need to post
content to get points(from users and "active site use").
There is very little inflation as new users cannot
vote as much as old users, who already assigned their points:
i.e. there is scarcity of points at any time.


Q;What about the influence of long-time users?
Long time users should have that influence, 
since they are engaged or were engaged in active site use.
new users should adapt to local site culture 
and gain their influence slowly, on their own accord,
Not memetic explosions like gaining thousand 
of karma for a picture of funny cat in a hour.
(such scenarios could occur because of crowd
psychology, but the users would feel bad for 
assigning point to that picture later 
and revoke them, assigning them to more 
important content(such as news which doesn't have enough points)
, thus moving the post score down and
post location(score ordering) to the back pages.)

Q:isn't +1 point per week of active use too low?
This prevents point inflation, it can be changed
to allow more dynamic sites(from 1h/point to 1week/points)-
it depends on the size of site and how fast
the maintainers want it to grow(1h per point will 
make it more dynamic but points will be gained
 fast, allowing new users to dominate: 1 per week
 shifts balance to old timers with accumulated point pool).
Most points gained should come from 
other users not the site use bonus.
With current karma systems, the content 
is dominated by quick and easy-reading 
link-bait content, which users blindly 
upvote and forget after a hour,
their karma points stay however
and ruin the site quality - users can vote unlimited times
on dumb, memetic trash without any cost. 

